don't start what you can't finish
[Music]
you're going with me or without me
i saw exactly what i've always felt
about donnie weeboy
and i saw that girl can't protect her
child margaret jimmy's her boy
he's your grandson
we're trying to locate a donny wee boy
he married our sons widow got our
grandson with him
you let it be known you're looking for a
wee boy
i'll find you we thought we'd see jimmy
since we're in the neighborhood since
you're in the neighborhood
go careful where the hell are we
we came to see our grandson
my boy doesn't have to answer to you and
we don't have to answer to you
come with us no he'd kill me
him and his mother
your grandson he's a wee boy now
with me on this right i'm right behind
you
he hit lorna you hit your wife
like
don't start what she can't finish
[Music]
you